[MRG] Fixing quickstart doc bug, write_raw_bids doc bug, and coordsystem.json overwriting error (#675)
mne-tools/mne-bids: doc/whats_new.rst

- Fix writing MEGIN Triux files, by `Alexandre Gramfort`_ (:gh:`674`)
- Anonymization of EDF files in :func:`write_raw_bids` will now convert recording date to ``01-01-1985 00:00:00`` if anonymization takes place, while setting the recording date in the ``scans.tsv`` file to the anonymized date, thus making the file EDF/EDFBrowser compliant, by `Adam Li`_ (:gh:`669`)

> - Add fix to MEG ``coordsystem.json`` file writing, where an error will be thrown if ``coordsystem.json`` file path exists, but contents differ, by `Adam Li`_ (:gh:`675`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :func:`mne.write_raw_bids` will not overwrite an existing ``coordsystem.json`` anymore, unless explicitly requested, by `Adam Li`_ (:gh:`675`)
```
